# AFR (Analysis Files Remover)
Utility for searching and removing temporary files generated by analysis software like Etabs, SAP2000 etc.

## Description

Structural engineers use many software programs for analysis and design of building and other structures. Programs such as ETABS, SAP2000, SAFE created by CSI and Staad.Pro by Bently are among the most popular of these software packages.

These program generates many intermediate files, often called run files, to store calculations and results during the analysis of computer model of structure. Engineers often do not delete these run files from the disk and over time these files happen to be consuming a lot of space on the hard disk.

This utility can be used to search for these run files and delete them to recover the space on hard disk.

## Principle of finding the run files

The program searches for file extension used by mentioned analysis programs (eg. .edb for ETABs) in the specified folder (and subfolders). All files in a folder having .edb file with the same name as that of .edb file but different extension are then considered as run files excluding the .$et file which is a text version of the .edb file.

Same approach is used to find run files for other mentioned programs as well.

It is strongly recommended to go through the list of files found by the program before deleting. Files found by program as run files can be sorted by extension to look for the files that should not be deleted.

Deleted files go into recycle bin by default (if it is not full) and can be recovered in case of some mistake.

## Disclaimer

The author, distributor or anyone else involved in promotion or spread of this program accepts NO WARRANTY / NO RESPONSIBILITY for any loss due to use of this program. User  should always backup their data before performing any purging, consolidation, cleanup activity on their data.

